6. Classification of importance of components

6. classification of importance of components a: vehicle comfort systems, such as automotive entertainment systems, unimportant display screen b: secondary driving system but does not directly control driving, such as vehicle information display c: driving safety systems such as airbags, abs, etc. 7. definition of function status i assembly/system works properly during and after the test, as long as the magnitude of disturbance is allowable in design, it is able to work properly within the allowable tolerance. if there is deviation of function i, but it is allowable as long as it does not exceed the technical requirements. ii assembly/system has individual failure during the test, that means working out of the allowable tolerance, but that does not affect the basic function of the entire system. when disturbance removed, the system can return to normal working order and the memory data remains i. 8. general requirements 8.1. errors unless otherwise specified, the allowable errors during the test are as follows: a) voltage / current errors ±5% b) distance/length error ±10% c) resistance / impedance error ±10% d) power error ±1% e) field strength error ±3db 8.2. test environment requirements unless otherwise specified, the allowable errors of the testing environment are as follows: a) temperature: 23 c ± 5 c；
7 b) relative humidity (rh): less than 40% (esd test only) c) atmospheric pressure: 96 kpa±10 kpa (esd test only) 8.3. voltage of power supply unless otherwise specified, voltage of power supply should be 13 (+0.5/-1.0) during the test 8.4. electromagnetic compatibility laboratory electromagnetic compatibility laboratory to be used for test should be recognized by the faw, and all test data is non-confidential for faw. 8.5. other requirement (test equipment, plans, reports) all test equipment are required to go through iso 17025, rf test equipment are required to meet the requirements of cispr 16 the test plan should meet the demands made by faw, and should at least include the following: a) detailed description of dut, including software / hardware version b) detailed description of test equipment, including parameter settings and standards c) failure mode description of dut d) power mode, details of analog load, external motivation / trigger signal, the test wiring harness / cable length and space location during the test, antenna polarization direction and certification requirements of darkroom during the emission / immunity test the test reports provided to the faw must meet the following requirements: a) production firm of dut; b) software / hardware version information of dut c) serial number of dut d) sample stage of dut(sample a, b, c)； e) optimization / corrective measures in order to meet this standard f) detailed layout of the test arrangement, including spatial location of dut, wiring harness, power supply and load element. 8.6. requirements of test layout without other special requirements, the length of test wiring harness should be 1700mm +300 / -0mm, detailed layout required is shown in figure 1
8 figure 1 layout test wiring harness 8.7. grounding requirement if the unit under test is directly installed to the ground, its metal shell should be connected to the ground during the test, which is to be described in detail in the test plan if the length of groundwire of dut is longer than 200m, it is remote grounding, when shorter than 200m, it is close grounding. when the component is under close grounding, its groundwire should be connected directly to experimental grounding board, at that time, lisn wire needs to be neglected. 8.8. requirement of placement direction when test frequency is smaller than 30mhz, the placement and direction of dut are the same as real mounting location; when test frequency is bigger than 30mhz, emission and immunity test should be performed in 3 directions. 8.9. test selection of dut based on the classification of dut, select the appropriate test items in table 1, each kind of dut should have at least 2 samples for testing, and all the corresponding test items should be performed. table 1 matrix for selection of test items test subjects abbreviati on component classification passive compone nt inductive compon ents motor active components p r b m e m a a s a m a x a y emission test an-test √ √ √ √ √ √ √ cv-test √ √ √ √ √ √ √ re-test √ √ √ √ √ √ √ cp-test √ √ √ √ √ √ √9 conducted transient emission test cte-test √ √ √ √ √ √ change rate test of transient voltage/curr ent sr-test √ √ √ √ √ noise immunity test bci-test √ √ √ √ √ √ alse-test √ √ √ √ √ √ hand portable transmitter s √ √ √ √ √ √ immunity test to low frequency magnetic field lfm-test √ immunity test of transient conduction tsop-test √ √ √ √ √ √ tol-test √ √ √ √ √ electro-stati c discharge esd-test √ √ √ √ √ √ √